This week I am going to try a security tool that is a phrase generator that uses n-grams and Markov chains that can be used with passphase
cracking software.  These can be used with your favorite password cracking software, hashcat, john the ripper, etc.
Per the github which can be found here:
	https://github.com/Sparell/Phraser
First you create n-gram statistics (stats about how often certain character sequences occurs in a large text) with the program PhraserGram.
Redirect the output to file.
Then use those statistics as input to the actual phrase generator which outputs phrases, one per line. The output can be redirected to 
file or read directly into your favourite password cracker via stdin.

The usage seems pretty straight forward:

	###PhraserGram Usage

	USAGE:
	PhraserGram.exe -i PATH | -h [options]
	OPTIONS:
	-i PATH Path to input source text file
	-n INT  Size of n-grams (-n 3 means trigrams eg. Default = 1)
	-w      Generate n-grams on word level (if omitted, default is character level)
	-h      Show this usage message. --help or /? or no args also works
	###Phraser Usage

	USAGE:
	Phraser.exe -i PATH |-h [OPTIONS]
	OPTIONS:
	-h | --help               Show this help message
	-i | --input       PATH   Path to n-gram stats file
	-min               INT    Min number of chars in phrases
	-max               INT    Max number of chars in phrases
	-wmin | --wordsmin INT    Minimal number of words in phrases
	-wmax | --wordsmax INT    Maximal number of words in phrases
	-t | --threshold   INT    Ignore n-grams seen <= -t times in source text
	-f | --feed        STRING Only create phrases starting with this
	##Complete example execution:

	PhraserGram -i texts\SherlockBook.txt -n 3 -w > ngrams\3WSherlock.txt (Reads a book saved in the specified path and create 3-gram stats on word level, and save the results to the file 3WSherlock.txt)
	Phraser -i ngrams\3WSherlock.txt -min 14 -max 16 -t 0 > phrases\L14-16T0N3WSherlock.txt (reads that 3-gram stat file, and outputs phrases of lengths 14-16 chars, without threshold filtering, and saves the phrases to the specified file)
	


