This week I am going to talk about the steps needed to create a TAP interface on a OpenVPN server.
You will need to either already have a self signing CA setup or plan to use a signing Authority.
I will be using a self-signing CA.  You we need to make some changes to the openssl.cnf file.
This is located at /usr/lib/ssl/openssl.cnf this file if broken up into different sections.
In the section with [ usr_cert ] you need to uncomment the that states:
	nsCertType = server  # for server
	nsCertType = client , email # for clients
In addition you need to make sure that the key Usage looks like this:
	keyUsage = nonRepudiation, digitalSignature, keyEncipherment
	extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth #for server
			 = clientAuth #for clients
In the section [ v3_req ] make sure that key Usage looks the same as above.
I would recommend make the server cert good for 10 years and clients 1 year.

These are the only changes that you will need to make to this configuration file.
Make sure you have made all the changes needed for the server configuration and run:
	openssl req -new -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout server.key -out server.crt -days 3650
This will generate a private key and a signed certificate.  Change the openssl config for clients
and run:
	openssl req -new -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout client.key -out client.crt -days 365
You will have to fill in the information for you certs.  The information can be the same except
common names need to be unique.

Once you have generated both the server and client you can now setup openvpn.

Move to /etc/openvpn (you may need to install it),  there should be folders for server and client.
CD into server and run:
	openssl dhparam -out dh2048 dh2048.pem 2048
	openvpn --genkey --secret ta.key

Make and open a text file to edit:
	nano server.conf
Make sure it looks like this:
	proto udp
	port 1194
	ca /etc/openvpn/server/cacert.pem
	cert /etc/openvpn/server/Server.crt
	key /etc/openvpn/server/Server.key
	dh /etc/openvpn/server/dh2048.pem
	user nobody
	group nogroup
	server-bridge
	persist-key
	persist-tun
	verb 3
	keepalive 10 120
	cipher AES-256-CBC
	auth SHA256
	compress lz4-v2
	tls-auth /etc/openvpn/server/TechLabVPN1.tlsauth 0
	script-security 2

Make sure that all the certs and keys are named correctly and have the correct paths.
CD to the client folder and create a client.conf
	nano client.conf
	
	
	client
	dev tap
	dev-node TechLabVPN-Test
	nobind
	tls-auth 1
	proto udp
	port 1194
	remote <SERVERIP>
	persist-key
	persist-tun
	verb 3
	keepalive 10 120
	cipher AES-256-CBC
	auth SHA256
	compress lz4-v2
	remote-cert-tls server
	key-direction 1
	auth-nocache



